LPC55S69: TFM with MCUboot to run Zephyr NS rework (#30013)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/tfm_ipc/README.rst

      $ west build -p -b lpcxpresso55s69_ns samples/tfm_integration/tfm_ipc/ --

> Make sure your board is set up with :ref:`lpclink2-jlink-onboard-debug-probe`.
> Next we need to manually flash the resulting image (``tfm_merged.bin``) with a
> J-Link as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your board is set up with :ref:`lpclink2-jlink-onboard-debug-probe`,
since this isn't the debug interface boards ship with from the factory;

Next we either manually flash the resulting image (``tfm_merged.bin``) with a
J-Link as follows:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      JLinkExe -device lpc55s69 -if swd -speed 2000 -autoconnect 1
      J-Link>reset
      J-Link>erase
      J-Link>loadfile build/tfm_merged.bin

Resetting the board and erasing it will unlock the board, this is useful in case
it's in an unknown state and can't be flashed.

> or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... or we can use `west` to flash via:
```
